{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Cloth Cutting\
Harrison Bryant\
hsb18@pitt.edu\
February 2013\
\
Introduction\
Given a piece of raw material with a given width and height, determine the maximum cost-effieincy by cutting out patterns of cloth. Patterns of cloth are pre-determined, and have dimensions and a value associated with them. This project involves dynamic programming, because in order to figure out the maximum value, you must try a large number of subproblems in order to exhaust all possible options. \
\
Installation\
\
The following files should be present\
ClothCutter.java\
Garments.java\
Pattern.java\
TestClothCutter.java\
\
Compile with:\
javac TestClothCutter.java\
\
Useage\
This program should compile and run with JAVA 2 SDK1.5 or later\
\
run with java TestClothCutter.java\
\
Problems:\
\
The project is incomplete, however, I did manage to grasp and code the underlying algorithm as well as the memorization of the subproblems. The program as it runs now will give you value of the cloth, given the patterns and dimensions layer out in the test driver. \
\
Unfortunately, I have made some attempts to differentiate the cuts in order to print them out, but I could not get that part of the project done. Even though I did not fully complete the problem, I spent a ton of time grasping the essence of dynamic programming and it's relation to cloth cutting. I feel like my program demonstrates my knowledge of dynamic programming, and specifically, the computation of sub-problems and optimization with a memo. }